Tree-Fractal-Generator
======================

basic tree fractal generator with gui

DOCUMENTATION:
1.	The first part of the program i wrote was the algorithm to generate the fractal. This algorithm takes the number of branches, and go through a for loop, starting at -half of the branches and ending at +half, skipping zero if branches is even. For each loop, a set is created, which contains an int[], which contains the 1st xy position of the line (taken from the 2nd xy positions of the set that is immediately OUTSIDE the current set) as well as the amount the x and y should change /2, taken, again, from the set 1 layer up. Using these, it taken the initial position (does this for x and y), and adds the change/2*[respective trig function](branch iteration*angle amount + angle offset grabbed from the upper set). This is the reason why branches iterates the way it does, because it allows for subtraction, and thus left facing branches. If the user wants to, the program randomly adds or subtracts a max of 15% of the positions change to the branch, so that the fractal can have random mutations. Next, the change in position is halfed and stored in the array, and this array is added to the set and the program recurses, with the newly created set at the set one layer above, to be used with the other, new branches. Finally, when the program reaches its maximum recusion depth (determined by counter int), it unrecurses and adds each of the created set to the previous, upper layer set, eventually culminating in one big set which contains a int[], and branches*set for each level until max depth.
2.	Now that the fractal is generated, drawing it is done by unraveling it, and reading each xy coordinates in the int[]. A function takes the first int[] and draws a line based on its stored xy coordinates, then, using the next set on the level its reading at, it recurses with this set as the reading set, until no sets are found. This prints the fractal.
3.	With the fractal generation and drawing completed, I focused on creating a user GUI to alter some characteristics of the fractal. I added a depth slider for the user to change how many levels the fractal generating function recurses, a slider that changes the angle amount the fractal changes, an input for the number of branches, an option to have the fractal's angle amount be optimally created, and an option to add randomness to the fractal generation. More specifics about the exact nature of any function is detailed in the comments by the function.

